c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\bin\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.exe.config
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\bin\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.exe
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\bin\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.pdb
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\bin\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.xml
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.Form1.resources
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.Resources.resources
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.exe
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.xml
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.pdb
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.AboutBox1.resources
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.SplashScreen1.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\bin\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.exe.config
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.exe
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.xml
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.pdb
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\bin\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.exe
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\bin\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.pdb
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\bin\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.xml
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.AboutBox1.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.SplashScreen1.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Payroll_Project5\Allan_Payroll_Project5\obj\Debug\Allan_Payroll_Project5.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
